Previously on Salvation...
Russia has shut off
all communication
with the U.S. government.
Why?
We don't know.
Secretary Calhoun,
I know the Russian ambassador.
Katya Osinov, she's a friend,
I can reach out to her.
Whatever we stole from you
is retribution.
Retribution for what?
Something called Atlas.
What exactly did she say,
Ms. Barrows?
Grace?
She didn't know,
or couldn't say.
An asteroid is coming
in 148 days?
Liam, how could you
keep this from me?
I got to go.
Where?
Home.
Jillian...
nobody outside the Pentagon
knows about this,
and if word got out...
Screw you.
Who is this?
(distorted voice): A friend...
with the same agenda.
Atlas. Check the message.
All roads lead to Tanz.
Who are you? RE/SYST?
The global hacker collective?
If we can get the crystal
from Nicholas,
we can rebuild our own
EmDrive.
HARRIS: I don't want to be
without you anymore.
KATYA:
We only hope the Americans
do not make any more moves
signaling aggression
toward the Russian people.
They're saying Russia's
pointing missiles at us,
preparing for war.
(indistinct chatter)
(reporters clamoring)
(chatter subsides)
Morning.
As you're aware, Russia violated
the Intermediate Range Nuclear
Forces Treaty earlier today
when it ground-tested
banned missiles.
In addition,
the Russian government
has opened its missile silos,
indicating its intentions
to engage in military conflict.
These actions are a threat
to international security.
The president and
Secretary of Defense
have been in closed door
discussions with NATO
and are crafting
an appropriate response.
(reporters clamoring)
Yes, Russ?
RUSS: Grace, can you give us
any insight into the reasons
behind Russia's sudden
aggressive stance?
The Russian government
hasn't given any as of yet.
But our conscience is clear.
These acts of aggression
are unprovoked.
First, they pulled
their ambassador,
then they violate
the anti-missile treaty.
The DoD has to know something.
I just told you
what we know, Ms. Neel.
Maybe you should listen better.
(reporters clamoring)
WOMAN: Is the president
going to give a statement
to the American people?
When the president
has something to say,
she'll say it.
What alternatives
are being considered, Grace?
All options are on the table.
(reporters clamoring)
HARRIS:
We returned from London
at 0700 hours this morning
in possession of a rare crystal
needed to reconstruct
a new full-scale EmDrive.
CALHOUN: Which will propel
a gravity tractor
to the asteroid
in time to divert it?
It's a bold move, Harris.
And done without my advice
or my authorization.
Sometimes,
it's better to ask for
forgiveness than permission.
You taught me that, sir.
It's only better
if you get results.
And we did.
We narrowly beat the Russians
to that meteorite.
But they can still
build an EmDrive
with the prototype they stole
from Tanz Industries
and then use it
to launch their own
gravity tractor, correct?
Yes,
but there's no telling whether
they'll be successful.
Or whether they have
the same goals as we do.
CALHOUN: Whoever launches
this thing first
has control of the outcome.
Where are we with Mr. Tanz?
He's within
days of having
a fully functioning EmDrive.
Good. This is a race
we need to win.
Claire, let POTUS know we're
moving forward with the launch
as soon as
Tanz is ready.
But the Russians
have issued a warning:
if we launch anything,
they'll shoot it down.
With everything
that's happening,
sir, it's a credible threat.
And so are we.
Let's just
hope no one
makes a move they regret.
(door opens)
Well.
(door closes)
That was grueling.
My tap shoes need new soles.
I'm sorry.
(chuckles)
Oh. I wish
we could just run away,
spend our last days
on an island somewhere,
pretend none of this
was happening.
Yeah.
I know.
Mm.
But that's not who you are.
You're a fighter, Grace.
And we're in this together.
No matter what.
First, the Russians
steal our EmDrive.
Now they're threatening
military action.
Why would they stand in our way?
We don't know,
and it's useless to speculate.
But rest assured,
we are going to do
whatever it takes to launch it.
"Whatever it takes"?
Is that supposed
to be comforting?
Harris, they've got missiles
poised at the ready,
and our governments
are not talking to each other.
You must know something
about what's happening here.
I know what you know.
GRACE:
Retribution for what?
Something called Atlas.
Is it possible
this has something to do
with Project Atlas?
I know you said
never to mention it...
Atlas is a dead program, Grace.
The files were closed
years ago.
What would make you think that?
(knocking on door)
Come in.
Chairman of the Joint Chiefs,
line one, sir.
Thank you.
Grace.
You do your job, let us do ours.
Just tell Darius
to keep plugging away.
(quietly):
Okay.
(door closes)
Do I need to take
your phone away?
Geez. You're like Big Brother,
you're always watching.
Big Brother's also waiting
very impatiently.
Where are we on the LIDAR?
Uh...
Laser system is measuring
distance to one millimeter.
It is ready to be installed
to the gravity tractor.
The EmDrive...?
Cone's being dusted.
Let me see the
guidance systems chip.
Almost.
See if you can increase
the throughput
by another ten percent.
I'm not sure what the rush is.
We can't even
launch the thing.
The Russians are just gonna
shoot it out of the sky.
The EmDrive
will take weeks
to propel the gravity tractor
up to that asteroid.
We need to work fast
and hope that the government
ends this geopolitical
quagmire in time.
Since when do you have faith
in the government?
I don't. But, you know,
on the off chance
that I'm wrong...
just get back to it.
Okay. Thanks for the pep talk.
In your next life,
don't coach Little League.
(sighs)
Liam.
You have a visitor.
Who?
Amanda Neel, that reporter
from Capitol Eyes.
Should I show her
the door?
Yeah.
Yeah, the door to hell,
where she belongs.
Wait.
I'll show her the door myself.
(doorbells jingle)
Good morning. Welcome...
Jillian.
JILLIAN:
Hi, Dad.
Excuse me one second,
would you, please?
What're you doing here?
I mean, you know,
I'm glad to see you.
I have a couple
days off work,
and I wanted to come home.
Oh, I'm so glad you did.
Mwah.
Why did they...
Oh, yeah.
You see what's going
on with the news?
It's crazy stuff, huh?
Yeah. It's crazy.
Oh, hey, hey, hey.
What?
What is it? You okay?
Hey, hey. What's go...
what's going on?
(sighs)
Dad, there's, um...
something important
I need to tell you.
LAURA: Hey, I just found
a first edition
Hemingway from a book dealer
in Newton.
Jillian.
Laura.
JILLIAN: What are
you doing here?
I'm-I'm working here now.
I thought your dad
told you.
Yeah. I, uh...
(chuckles)
I got some news for
you, as well, Jills.
I don't know,
I should probably just...
just come right
out with it, right?
Uh... (sighs)
Laura and I are engaged.
I just wanted to apologize.
Jillian told me that she
was going home to Boston.
And I never meant to cause
a rift in your relationship.
A rift?
Try black hole.
What exactly did you tell her?
The truth.
That I was worried about you.
Hard as that is to believe.
Oh, no, not at all.
You seem like a very caring
snake in the grass.
Look, I...
I've been chasing a story.
Ever since I saw you,
Darius and Grace Barrows
at the Embassy Ball.
Really?
I thought you were
just flirting with me.
Okay, I know that I wasn't
honest with you that night.
I'm sorry.
But since then,
people have died.
And I-I think it has something
to do with this.
I got this photo from
a reputable source.
Supposedly,
it's tied to a secret
government program.
Project Atlas.
What is it?
Maybe you should ask your boss.
That's Tanz technology.
Which means you're in the
middle of something big.
Dead center.
With everything
that's happening now,
with Russia,
I think it's
all connected.
What makes you say that?
This.
LIAM:
It's in Russian.
The Russian Government hasn't
given any as of yet.
But our conscience is clear.
These acts of aggression
are unprovoked.
Well, if it isn't
the stable girl.
Nobody shovels manure
quite like Grace Barrows.
Can you turn that off?
I can't get enough.
GRACE: Will you please
turn that off?
It's binge TV.
How will we destroy
the world today?
I can't wait to find out.
You want me to brief you on
the latest or would you like
to mock me for
a few more minutes?
H-How did we
end up here, Grace?
We've got a working
EmDrive,
a gravity tractor
ready to launch, and
our incompetent leaders
can't get it off the ground
without starting World War III.
Explain, please.
I wish I could.
I can't get a straight
answer from anyone.
So all that gush from
Harris at the hangar
the other day about how
he wants to be with you forever,
he didn't tell you forever
might mean a day and a half
the way these goons run things?
Darius, you're really
pushing my limit.
We've done the impossible.
We've hand-delivered
a solution to the
world's greatest problem,
but they've completely
mucked it up.
How are we supposed to
come up with a game plan
when we don't even know
what's on the board?
Hey.
I think I may be
able to help.
TANZ:
Looks like a piece of my tech
fused to some
sort of rock.
Where in Russia was this taken?
LIAM: I don't know.
The metadata was erased,
but there's some lettering here
on this backpack.
GRACE:
"We learn not for the school
but for life."
Russian Studies minor.
LIAM:
Well, Amanda, that reporter,
she says it has something
to do with Project Atlas.
Atlas? She brought that
up to me a few weeks ago.
Do you know what it is?
No.
I just know
it gets people killed
when they poke their noses
where they don't belong.
Harris said it was
a dead program, but...
But what?
My friend Katya,
the Russian ambassador,
she said her country stole
our EmDrive out of retribution
for Atlas.
We need to talk to her.
We can't.
She was called back to Moscow
when they shuttered the embassy.
Liam, contact Amanda Neel.
You need to dig deeper.
Find out where she
got that photo.
Meantime, I'm gonna find out
what my technology has to do
with all this.
How?
By going to the source.
Grab your passport
and a pair of
comfortable shoes.
We're going to Russia.
(chuckles) What?
Why? They won't
talk to us.
No.
They won't talk to
the government.
Maybe they'll talk to me.
Grace, the world's
about to catch fire,
and we may be the only
ones who can stop it.
Are you coming
or aren't you?
*
ZOE:
What kind of meeting?
Uh, business
with Darius Tanz.
But I can't...
You can't talk about it.
You know,
I really don't know
why we talk at all.
Zoe, look,
I can't tell you
what I'm working on right now,
but there is something
I can tell you.
(sighs)
I'm seeing someone.
Darius Tanz?
(chuckles):
No, no, no.
Oh.
Harris Edwards.
Your boss?
(car honks outside)
Wow. Is that even allowed?
No. Which is why
I've had to be discreet.
Are you serious about him?
I'm planning on transferring
out of the Pentagon
so we can be together.
(scoffs)
He's got a son your age, Dylan.
We've been wanting to
tell you both for so long,
but it was complicated.
When I'm back,
I want you to meet him.
Me, too.
(chuckles)
Thank you for telling me.
Of course.
(car honks outside)
Good luck.
I love you.
(exhales)
Yes, Millie.
A family emergency.
I hope to be
back tomorrow.
Thank you.
The jet will get us
there in a few hours.
Private plane, no names
on the manifest. Phone.
Can't take any chances
we're being tracked.
What'd you tell Harris?
Nothing.
Plausible deniability.
He's already put his
ass on the line, he...
can't do it again
without repercussions.
Must be hard, all these
secrets between you.
We all have our roles to play.
This is the part I've chosen.
How long will it take the
USS Pike and her battle group
to reach the Baltic?
Approximately 48 hours.
All right, well,
get them moving.
We'll shoot down
anything they launch.
What about retaliation?
We can hit Moscow faster
than they can hit us.
Our NATO allies have
given us that edge,
and Russia knows that.
We'll have to get all our teams
in position
and hope the Russians
aren't stupid enough
to destroy themselves.
And the rest of us
along with them.
I need a moment of your time.
Both of you.
Before the Russians pulled out,
the agency was monitoring
all communications
with their ambassador,
Katya Osinov,
including her meeting
with Grace Barrows.
Tell me something I don't know.
Okay.
KATYA: Whatever we stole
from you is retribution.
GRACE:
Retribution for what?
KATYA:
Something called Atlas.
(taps keyboard)
CLAIRE:
Grace Barrows
got this information
from the Russian ambassador
and kept it from us.
They know about Atlas.
Which explains everything.
Get me Grace
Barrows... now.
Mom hasn't even been
gone two years.
I know.
It's a lot to process.
"Process"?
Laura was Mom's best friend.
She moved in on you
like the shark from Jaws.
That is not true.
And that is not fair.
(sighs)
My soul mate died...
and I-I figured my heart
would die with her.
Laura was there.
At first as
just a friend, but...
It just happened.
Do what you want, Dad.
Jillian.
Wait.
What is going on with you?
You don't seem yourself.
Did something happen?
At work or with Liam?
LIAM:
Jillian.
Nobody outside the
Pentagon knows about this,
and if word got out...
Oh, screw you.
I got to get some air.
What kind of
family emergency?
She didn't say.
She cleared her schedule,
left the Pentagon
and turned off her phone.
Go ahead.
Try calling her.
(line ringing)
GRACE:
You've reached Grace Barrows.
Please leave a message.
(phone beeps)
(sighs)
Millie, the second you hear
from Ms. Barrows,
I want you to patch her
into my phone immediately.
Where are you going?
To find Grace.
Harris. A reminder.
You can't let personal
feelings get in the way
of your judgment here.
Thank you, Claire,
but I don't need to be
schooled in my job duties.
I'd hardly call
you objective
when it comes to Grace.
And, Harris, if she doesn't have
an outstanding reason why she
left this key piece of
information out of her debrief,
not even you will be
able to protect her.
For a country that outlawed
religion not so long ago,
there's a hell of a lot
of churches around here.
You're sure this
is the right one?
Yeah. When I visited last
year, she took me here.
Grace.
What are you doing here?
Darius Tanz.
I know who you are.
We need to talk.
I'm with my family.
Katya, things are urgent.
Please.
Hey.
So, you wanted Darius's
attention, and you got it.
I need to know a few more
details about the photo.
And what do I get in exchange?
What do you want?
GRACE: Katya, your government's
cut off all communications
with the United States.
We're on the brink of war,
and we don't know why.
You mentioned something
about Atlas being the cause?
Yes.
You must know something
more about it.
Why don't you ask
Mr. Tanz?
He spearheaded it.
Oh, I'm-I'm afraid
I-I don't understand.
Does this photo have
any meaning to you?
It was taken
here in Russia.
Just more proof.
Proof? Of what?
That the U.S. was working
with you, Mr. Tanz,
to create some sort of
super weapon to destroy us.
Atlas is a weapons program?
That's all I know.
That and Mr. Tanz's company
provided the weapon.
I can assure you,
Ms. Osinov,
whatever Atlas is or was,
I had no part in it.
I started my company
with one goal:
to create a better world,
not destroy it.
This is a misunderstanding.
If Darius and
I could get
a meeting with the
minister of defense...
Grace.
I've said too much.
I have my family
to think about.
Katya, wait.
If we don't end this conflict,
the entire human race
will become extinct.
They say that about every war.
I'm not talking about a war.
I'm talking about
something much worse.
What could be worse?
There's something
I need to tell you.
(knock on door)
Hey.
Zoe?
Yes?
I'm Deputy Secretary of Defense
Harris Edwards.
I need to speak
to your mother now.
How soon?
146 days.
I have the technology
to stop it,
but we have to be
able to launch it
without getting
blown out of the sky.
We're not the enemy.
We just need a chance
to prove it.
Please, can you broker a meeting
with your government?
Everything's at stake.
LIAM:
RE/SYST.
The hacker group sent you
the photo unsolicited?
Yeah.
And so how do I get
in touch with them?
You can't.
That's my source.
They're underground.
Did they say
who they got the photo from?
No.
But...
whatever Atlas is,
it nearly got me killed, Liam.
A car came out of nowhere
and hit me head-on.
Holy crap.
Yeah.
When I met you that first night,
I started out just
looking for a big story.
But now I'm really just looking
for the truth.
So...
what was that bruise
that Jillian saw on you?
Well, you know, I...
I already told you.
I'm Darius's new head
of security, so sometimes,
sometimes I get
into scrapes.
Mm.
I do. Sometimes I do.
(laughs): Okay.
(laughs)
She felt like you were
hiding something,
and I have the
same feeling.
So what I
want to know is
what's your secret?
I gave up everything.
You gave me nothing.
How is that fair?
No one said life was fair.
You're lucky you're cute
or else you'd be a dead man
right now.
Are you threatening me?
I'm more dangerous than I look.
Yeah, I do not doubt that
for a minute.
(laughs)
So?
I should get something
for my troubles, no?
Well, it only seems fair.
I should probably
be heading home
before I do anything stupid.
Is this stupid?
Well, you know, I don't want you
to think that I'm easy.
Mm. (laughs)
Can we get
the check, please?
A business trip
with Darius Tanz?
ZOE:
Yeah.
Figured she told you
since you're her boss.
Right.
I must have just confused
the dates, that's all.
If you speak to her,
can you tell her
I'm looking for her
and it's important?
Of course. Yeah.
Thanks.
Oh.
Mr. Edwards?
I'm glad I finally
got to meet you.
Glad I got to meet you,
too, Zoe.
(door opens)
(siren wailing in distance)
This is best room I have,
honeymoon suite.
Oh. Yeah, it's lovely.
Thank you.
We like quiet, Valentina.
Oh, quiet you shall have.
Not my usual
five-star haunt,
but we're trying to keep
a low profile.
One bed.
Couldn't spring for a double?
Oh, don't worry.
I, um, I don't sleep.
Wow.
This place probably
hasn't been renovated
since Lenin slept here.
(line ringing)
LIAM:
Hello.
It's me.
Yeah, good timing. I cribbed
a ton of photos from Amanda.
I'm going through them
right now.
That photo,
the one with the rock,
I need to know exactly
where it was taken.
Tess has
a geo-recognition program.
Have her locate any photos
posted on social media
that match the imagery
in that picture.
I'll need a few hours.
Tell Tess to work quickly.
That photo is key to everything.
(car horn honking)
GRACE: Oh, it's
been three hours.
What if she
changes her mind?
How would we even know?
Darius, what are you doing?
Of course you are.
Anna Karenina.
Much better
in the native tongue.
Spoiler alert,
she kills herself.
Pass me one of those
burner phones.
Thanks.
Hello?
Hi, baby, it's me.
Just checking in.
Mom, I've been trying
to reach you.
Uh, sorry, I... my phone died.
Harris came by looking for you.
He did?
He had no idea where you were.
Well, we must have gotten
our lines crossed.
Yeah.
Uh, he said it's really
important that you call him.
Honey, I may need to
stay an extra day.
Are you good?
Yeah.
Are you?
Of course.
I love you.
Me, too.
Harris came by
looking for me.
He's never done
that before.
What do you make of it?
Nothing good.
To drink or not to drink.
That is the question.
I always say if you have to ask,
you probably need one.
(typing)
*
(exhales)
(rock music playing)
(message dings)
GRACE: Something
bad's going down,
otherwise Harris wouldn't risk
outing himself to Zoe.
You've never talked
to her about Harris?
Not until last night.
So, you've gone public
with it?
To a point.
Not Calhoun or Claire.
Oh, I feel privileged to be
among those in the know.
You don't like him.
I like him.
I just don't trust him.
He stepped outside the lines
at great risk to himself
to get that crystal
for the EmDrive.
And showed the fair maiden he
could be a prince, after all.
Bravo.
Okay.
(laughs):
I don't know
who you think he was
15 years ago.
He's not that same guy.
He's evolved.
Harris is a company man
through and through.
It's in his DNA.
Something he can't change.
DNA might not
change; people do.
(knock on door)
What's it say?
Katya's arranged for us
to meet with
the minister of defense.
There's a car waiting
with instructions inside.
Before we go...
Hello?
TANZ:
Liam, what did you find?
Yeah, the photo was taken
in Russia.
Tess was able to find the park
where the photo was shot.
It's located
at these coordinates:
55.2030 degrees north,
61.5206 degrees east.
TANZ:
Okay, which is where exactly?
The strangest of places:
Chelyabinsk.
We've been working
on impact prevention
since Chelyabinsk
back in 2013.
That process has
now been expedited.
Were you able to date
that photo at all?
Yeah, February 2013.
Isn't that when...?
Yes.
Can you track down the source?
Yeah.
Give me the bad news
before you start slurring.
You might want to sit down.
The reason all this
is happening--
Russia closing
their embassy,
threatening war if we
launch anything into space--
is because they're afraid
we might do it again.
Do what again?
Revive Project Atlas, Grace.
That photo
was taken in Chelyabinsk.
Where the meteor hit Russia
in 2013.
Exactly, except that meteor
strike was no natural disaster.
It was a weapon
wielded by America
using...
(sighs)
my guidance system.
So Katya was right.
Atlas is a weapons program.
Yes, except the weapon...
was an asteroid.
And we crashed it into Russia?
Oh, my God.
We're the bad guys.
I need to speak to
Darius. Where is he?
I'm not at liberty to say.
You will lose your
liberty if you don't.
This is a matter of
national security.
It can't wait.
He's not here.
He took a jet and didn't
tell me where he went.
No wonder the Russians
don't trust us,
not after what we've done.
If by "we" you mean the U.S.
government, then I agree.
My friend Walter Carnahan,
he stumbled across Atlas
and was murdered.
Our government killed him
rather than
let out their dirty secret
and risk...
Starting World War III,
ironically.
And now here we are.
But we still don't know
who was involved.
I mean, the president, anyone.
Anyone could be culpable
or innocent.
I can't believe Harris
would be complicit
in something this evil.
If NASA launches
the gravity tractor,
then the Russians will blow it
out of the sky.
Thinking we're trying
to weaponize another asteroid.
But if Tanz Industries
were to launch it
as a private entity
with Russian oversight...
We'd have a chance
of setting everything right.
They don't need to trust
the United States.
They need to trust us.
Where's Darius?
Hey, what are you doing here?
Gone.
With Grace?
Don't put me in
the middle here.
Where did you get these?
Amanda Neel.
The reporter?
Yeah.
She doesn't know I have them.
Don't ask.
Okay, where are Grace
and Darius?
If I plead the Fifth,
are you gonna arrest me?
'Cause I still
have to finish the EmDrive.
Damn it, Liam,
they might be in trouble,
and I can't help them
if I don't know where they are.
Moscow.
(chuckles softly)
(quietly):
Oh, my God.
Can you track them for me?
No, they have a one-way burner.
The second you hear from them,
you call me.
That is an order from
the United States government.
(siren wailing in distance)
(doorbells jingle)
I'm sorry.
DANIEL:
No, no. That was, I...
I didn't handle that well.
Jillian.
I just want you to know
that I love your father.
And I'll never do anything
to come between the two of you.
We're gonna wait to get married.
Until you're ready.
Don't wait.
DANIEL:
What?
I mean,
there's no time
like the present.
And I want you
both to be happy.
Oh, girl. Come here.
What...
Shh.
(kisses)
Oh, hey, I
almost forgot.
You never told me
your big news.
Oh, um...
I quit my job.
And my boyfriend.
But I'm staying
right where I belong.
Here, with my family.
Oh, you.
Mm.
(kisses)
(exhales)
Okay, Tess.
The hackers used
a VPN to mask their IP address.
Can you find it?
TESS:
Scanning now.
Tess, what's up?
The encryptions
are multi-tiered.
Oh, come on.
They haven't met you, though.
(computer trilling)
You got it?
The photo was sent
from a computer terminal
located at this address.
Thank you.
If they're willing
to hear us out,
why all the
cloak and dagger?
Because they can't afford
to be seen dealing with us
any more than we can be seen
dealing with them.
At least, not until we
lock down an agreement.
Okay, this is the spot.
She said there'd be
a blue compact waiting for us.
Right there.
That's it?
I figured the ambassador
would send us
a Dartz Prombron.
Gold-plated trim,
diamond-encrusted gauges,
whale penis leather seats...
Please tell me you're kidding.
I'm not actually.
Grace.
(gasps)
Move out of
the way, move!
(horn blaring)
Darius.
(car alarm blaring)
We need to get out of here, now.
You all right?
We need to move fast.
Grab our passports and go.
I can't believe Katya
would betray us like that.
I'm not sure she did.
No. No, Katya, no.
Don't, don't,
don't, don't.
TANZ: Jaundice.
It could be polonium poisoning.
She might be radioactive.
She has a daughter.
Oh, my God,
what have I done?
(sirens wailing)
Grace.
There's no time for emotions,
we need to grab our passports,
and get the hell to my plane.
Darius, I can't just leave her.
Grace, Grace, she's gone!
She's gone. And we're gonna
be arrested for her murder
if we don't
get out of here.
Now, go.
So, what exactly happened
at your facility
on the 19th at
approximately 2350 hours?
Sir?
At ease, Lieutenant.
This is just a routine check
of our security
procedures.
What protocols
did you complete
prior to the release
of that enriched uranium?
Every single one of them, sir.
Ms. Barrows
had the proper access code.
Then I called you
to personally verify
authorization.
And you spoke to me?
Yes, sir.
There's a record of the call
in the log.
And I gave my personal code?
Absolutely, sir.
That's odd, I
have no record
of that call on my phone.
My cell didn't
record it, either.
There must be a glitch
in the Tanz O.S. upgrade.
(phone ringing)
Hmm. Could've sworn
that was me.
Nope, that's me.
Sorry, I should
actually take this.
(exhales)
That must be it.
You know, my son
always says never
to download an update the
same day it's released.
Thank you, Lieutenant.
That will be all.
(door closes)
(sighs)
Yes, this is Harris Edwards,
authorization code:
89564, Zulu, Bravo.
Suspend Grace Barrows's
A4 security clearance
until further notice,
effective immediately.
(sighs)
(phone beeps)
Hi, it's Jillian.
Yes, I know.
It's been a while.
Something's happened,
or happening.
I was hoping we could talk.
(siren wailing in distance)
(train horn blows)
(pounding on door)
This way.
(door slams)
(percussive electronic music
playing)
(music grows louder)
Liam Cole.
Welcome to RE/SYST.
We've been waiting for you.
(footsteps approaching)
Someone once said the two
most powerful warriors
are patience and time.
Who was that?
A Russian.
Leo Tolstoy.
Too bad we have neither.
My contact in Moscow
just told me that Katya Osinov
was murdered.
Well, that's one less player
on the board.
Is that all?
Not quite.
Her body was found
in a hotel room
booked by two Americans,
who came in on a private jet.
A man and a woman.
Grace Barrows and Darius Tanz
are in Russia?
Apparently.
Well, then, that's good news.
Because we might be able to kill
off two birds with one stone
without lifting a finger.
Wait here.
(newscaster speaking in Russian)
Grace.
Darius, they're
gonna frame us.
Give me your passport.
What? Why?
No. No way.
What are you doing?
Without our papers,
we're nobody.
That's exactly
who we have to be
if we want to get
out of here alive.
Keep your head down.
(siren wailing)
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org